Docs: Split SSO docs into HowTo/Explanation (#9801)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/user/guides/setup-single-sign-on-github-gitlab-bitbucket.rst

How to setup Single Sign-On (SSO) with GitHub, GitLab, or Bitbucket
===================================================================

.. include:: /shared/admonition-rtd-business.rst

This how-to guide will provide instructions on how to enable :abbr:`SSO (Single Sign-on)` with GitHub, GitLab, or Bitbucket.
If you want more information on this feature,
please read :doc:`/commercial/single-sign-on`

Prerequisites
-------------

Organization permissions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To change your Organization's settings,
you need to be an *owner* of that organization.

You can validate your ownership of the Organization with these steps:

* Navigate to :guilabel:`Username dropdown` > :guilabel:`Organizations` > :guilabel:`<Organization name>`
* Look at the **Owners** UI elements on the right menu.

If you'd like to to modify this setting and are not an owner,

> you can ask an existing organization owner to follow this guide.

Author: Heh, mostly just to give those people an obvious next step.

User setup
~~~~~~~~~~

Users in your organization must have their GitHub, Bitbucket, or GitLab
:doc:`account connected </connected-accounts>`,

> otherwise they will lose access to all repositories.

Author: What part don't you understand? If they don't have their account connected, they won't have access to anything on RTD, because that's how auth is handled.

> otherwise they will lose access to all repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
otherwise they won't have access to any project on Read the Docs.
```

I think that sounds less scary 😄

> otherwise they will lose access to all repositories.

Reviewer 2: thanks @humitos - now I think it reads without the scary ambiguity :)

Enabling SSO
------------

You can enable this feature in your organization by:
* Navigate to :guilabel:`<Username dropdown>` > :guilabel:`Organizations` > :guilabel:`<Username name>` > :guilabel:`Settings` > :guilabel:`Authorization`
* Select :guilabel:`GitHub, GitLab or Bitbucket` on the *Provider* dropdown.
* Select :guilabel:`Save`

The users in your organization **must connect**  their GitHub, Bitbucket or GitLab
:doc:`account connected </connected-accounts>`,

> otherwise they will lose access to all repositories.

Author: Yes, but it's important.

You can read more about `granting permissions on GitHub`_ in their documentation.

> .. warning:: Once you enable this option, your existing Read the Docs teams will not be used.

Author: Yea. I don't see the change in your suggestion?

.. _granting permissions on GitHub: https://docs.github.com/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-organizations-and-teams/repository-permission-levels-for-an-organization

Grant access to read the documentation
--------------------------------------

By granting **read** permissions to a user in your git repository,
you are giving the user access to read the documentation of the associated project on Read the Docs.

Grant access to administer a project
------------------------------------

By granting **write** permission to a user in the git repository,
you are giving the user access to read the documentation *and* to be an administrator of the associated project on Read the Docs.

Grant access to import a project
--------------------------------

When SSO with a VCS provider is enabled, only owners of the Read the Docs organization can import projects.
Adding users as owners of your organization will give them permissions to import projects.

To be able to import a project,

> that user must have **admin** permissions in the VCS repository associated.

Author: > Side note: Isn't "Git" supposed to be a proper noun?

Yea, I think so.. We should have this in our style guide, I don't think we're doing it consistently.

> that user must have **admin** permissions in the VCS repository associated.

Reviewer: We've talked about this already, and I think these things are good to be automatically validated with vale or similar. 

* https://github.com/readthedocs/readthedocs.org/issues/5876
* https://github.com/readthedocs/readthedocs.org/issues/8108

Revoke access to a project
--------------------------

If a user should not have access to a project,
you can revoke access to the git repository,

> and this will be automatically reflected in Read the Docs.

Author: Don't think your change is better here. It's less explicit, and the first part isn't a complete thought.

How to setup Single Sign-On (SSO) with GitHub, GitLab, or Bitbucket
===================================================================

.. include:: /shared/admonition-rtd-business.rst

This how-to guide will provide instructions on how to enable :abbr:`SSO (Single Sign-on)` with GitHub, GitLab, or Bitbucket.
If you want more information on this feature,
please read :doc:`/commercial/single-sign-on`

Prerequisites
-------------

Organization permissions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To change your :ref:`Organization <commercial/organization:Organizations>`'s settings,
you need to be an *owner* of that organization.

You can validate your ownership of the Organization with these steps:

* Navigate to :guilabel:`<Username dropdown>` > :guilabel:`Organizations` > :guilabel:`<Organization name>`

> * Look at the **Owners** UI elements on the right menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Look at the :guilabel:`Owners` section on the right menu.
```

If you'd like to to modify this setting and are not an owner,
you can ask an existing organization owner to follow this guide.

User setup
~~~~~~~~~~

Users in your organization must have their GitHub, Bitbucket, or GitLab
:doc:`account connected </connected-accounts>`,
otherwise they will lose access to all repositories.
You can read more about `granting permissions on GitHub`_ in their documentation.

.. _granting permissions on GitHub: https://docs.github.com/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-organizations-and-teams/repository-permission-levels-for-an-organization

Enabling SSO
------------

You can enable this feature in your organization by:

* Navigate to :guilabel:`<Username dropdown>` > :guilabel:`Organizations` > :guilabel:`<Organization name>` > :guilabel:`Settings` > :guilabel:`Authorization`

> * Select :guilabel:`GitHub, GitLab or Bitbucket` on the *Provider* dropdown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Select :guilabel:`GitHub, GitLab or Bitbucket` on the :guilabel:`Provider` dropdown.
```
